1 7 Century
Japan
Tokugawa period
Behind a small
mountain village
The two men appeared,
a lifetime of love
ln that case,
We do not understand
Junior demonstrate the
style when
They are very talented
martial arts
Very powerful
Their pursuit of freedom
Young growing
They decided to strike out on
However, they do not know
the road ahead
Do not know if this society
is full of hardships and apathy
But it is also no way to
Everyone has experienced torture
To learn life skills
Learning struggle
But also to learn Ninjutsu
Have the same sense of
Now he is invincible
Where can win
Everyone is afraid of him
But there is a nightmare
waiting for him
So he can only choose to escape
Vital
Ah
Cam By Gaiden
Destiny is immutable
He has experienced life and
death struggle
To
This is karma
You have to be very careful
Must endure
Who won the final
Note that in front of
Come
To stab each other in the
heart of
He killed your parents
So now is your chance to avenge
The tragic death of your
parents you want to
Killing all
Well, stop
This is in opposition to
end up with me
You look
You must be ruthless
Kam according to how does
that feel like?
Fourteen years later,
Flash is fourteen years
Everywhere was deserted
Who Ronin is very fierce
At that time sailors escort
Forward
Wait for the next
This mysterious,
it is very powerful
And many people died
You OK ah, man
Come
Do not flee, you Paobu Le's
Need not pursue the
Chased, and we suffer
Go to hell
l will survive
Damn you
This is his unique skill
Suspense Badao chop
Driving
Sanmao
l
Do you dare to steal m
l did not steal
When did you see that
l stole it?
You said No, l saw the
You people
To see how do l fix you
Out
Theft of people in the fight
You can not do
He did not
She would not steal anything
Sanmao
Hit him
Kill him
Do not fight, do not
We went to help
Help
See you arrogant
We all hit him with stones
He was bleeding
You see me bleeding
Or do you peer?
Do not like the
Hello, San Mao
l have no way
My parents have been killed
You should not come here
You come here you will die of the
But if so l will not be
around you
Because you are his
lowly background
l do not know what
was happening
For women,
this is the only option
So you do not dislike
l will let you insight
to my terrible
Take care
Come
Ah
Do not move
God
How's going on ah
Hold on
Keep a cool head
How does such a thing
will appear
You bastard
Rabbit
Do not run
Matui chopped,
and could not move
But people are still able to go
No, horse
How's going on?
Amitabha
One white, one white
You say, how is this going on?
Bastard
l would like you how
the armed forces who
One of my white-ah
So how ah
You gave me to find that person
Hurry
Comply with your wish
Days
ln this way you go
How so
This is your fault, you culpably
Understand?
Under the sins
You beat me to death
Sorry
l
Release
Hurry up, grabbed him and
Send the archers to
lt in there
That night there is
a storm at sea
The man away by boat
ls that you cut off the Matui
ls not it?
l knew you had
You should not hiding the
So joke, right?
ls the horse to do?
Yes, here is hell
But we have no choice
What do you mean you have
to say ah?
Not as simple as that
We are two people died in
here, like the
A once -
Was so cool the
l tell you, this is your destiny
So you get the
The man was a soldier
You listen well
Yes even 8
Know that you will be painful
But no way to
Thus we are forced to
Understand bar
Day today
Highness
The life of a white
How can we help have changed
and not come back
We've got people who
So that we can easily point
ls not it?
This account how do you count?
Do not worry
Guard
To
Now Convenor MA
We are ready to start
Must take the man apart
Hurry
ls
To see
Up, up
Get out of the
Why do you?
Brothers ah
What are you laughing?
You know what?
Will not need to tell you
Sanmao
This is a lifetime
opportunity to
l am the person
What
When things
Mom
Good point it?
Alive
My brother is still alive
Never mind the
Brother
You do not ah
What is the situation you ah?
Come on, come
To ah
Brothers, together ah
Do not forget, l am your savior
How could fall into this end?
Do this
Do
You want to live in
lf you want to live to tell me
Laughing at?
You know laugh,
l will let you no laugh
l
No relationship is like a child
Why are you naked here
Does not matter, he was a child
No relationship
But growing up need to
be aware of the
Let's see it
Check it out
Here are fresh
Together with the military
Even though the good-looking,
in fact quite good
Come on, come on
There is our home
Over there, my mother in the
You come, first sit in
the shade bar
Water? l picked Fixed
Come
l'll help you
Ok
ls you
You are my enemy
Today, we had to be a break
You make moves to bar
Then
How do you want to
Did their own thing their
own clear
What
l will endure enough
You
My mother ask you in the past
l think that today's tasty meal
l know, of course, delicious
There is certainly a good
thing to eat ginseng
l would like to Eat
As beneficial to the body
So you have to eat more points
However, after years of know
l want to bike
To, you come to Point Bar
Know
Then how do you want?
This room, we all live life
That we can not change?
Yes ah, would you know
Well
ls a good ah
Eat the meal Well
Ok
Do together?
Well
ln this way the soldiers
through the rest of your life
lt's like bait
Refueling, refueling
Refueling
Jami
Oh, quick draw bar
Jami, look
This is one to waste a
A white?
Horse do?
Like this, like the fate of
the fish were arrested
There is no limit, but no way to
This is the secret ah
Jami
He was fishing in players
The water at this time how
this ah?
Take care
Quick pull
To
What?
Perch
You see all jumped up
This is a good thing, but ah
Wonderful
See, there are
Hurry up, hurry up
Hooks are horse bones do
Here are
Up
Were going to die
Really great
There are a large
You were to come and help
Fled
Got
You can see, is a white
Blue of the sea
l'm really happy soldiers
lt seems a little bit of
pollution is not
How kind, l also OK, right?
Or a good white
Fantastic, fantastic
Come back, come back
Great
Back
Oh, Jesus
Come
We all eat happy
Eat
Soldiers
To a new bucket angle Zeyang?
Where there will be that
kind of situation?
This time last year,
we all know that
Yes ah
Are you going?
l see you like this
Want to steal is not it?
No
What do you think you want
to l do not know
Climate change
Then you go nuts?
How can like?
That is not a reason
Get the point
Best to clear your own
lt is up to how like?
Do with my duel?
Jami
Well
These fishermen
Fourteen years ago
We are all here
Living a life of wandering
Know
A woman's paradise
lt is up to what time?
We know what the situation
But
Such a sudden
l would like to continue
my thing
But l also understand the
difficulties you
This can only be
There is no other explanation
You mean like this?
On the kind of situation
Well on the way
Jami, you know
Not every fisherman can be a
Here is a cemetery at that time
Know it, Garmisch
You want to understand the bar
Please
Casual look at their own
l can get this bar
Men in the back
This time not the time when you
Face black, looks moderate
Hair long, behind the image of
lmperial killing a white horse
Soldiers
Angle?
Who is this person arrested
Bounty 50
There is no problem, right?
No problem
Comfortable, right?
Comfortable
Then there are things to do
ln this way the bar
Chase me
ln front, we must catch up
Otherwise l will not stop
until the
l've still suspicious,
real funny
But my suspicion is true
l know what l did
Understand
Soldiers have always been
that kind of personality
Nothing can come in handy for
Before dawn, Gao Ding
Never mind that the
Perusal
This is our life and death duel
Well
l disregard life and death
But the soldiers had a
hard lifetime
l understand your intentions
You have a Murder
Now that you are satisfied
l do not think so
ls that you he did not hide
Why
Why should l hide
Years, the fire had
Hurry up, fire-fighting
Mama, Mama
Mom
Dad on the inside
Some people do?
Mom
Gallop, Bu Xingle
Go to hell
Stopped
You ah
Why do you want?
My father do?
This gives you
You
This is what l give you
Yoshihito Brother
How so
Why is this so
Days
l do not understand why the
How it can be kind of
Soldiers were indeed killed
someone else's horse
He could be arrested
ls not it?
Vereshaka
l know you do not understand
Soldiers left
Yoshihito
Gave me get out of
We went to catch the soldiers
You this bastard
Let me go
Should be the fate of the
soldiers
We heard is good,
We are soldiers
Start
Preparation, preparation
All the stand-by
Highness
You can not do
His Royal Highness,
you can not close
Soldiers
You damn the
Again
Allows you to slowly
enjoy the death of
l want to avenge one
of my white
Now shoot the left foot
Chase, give me chase
Thanks
Do not let them run the